Activity and Fragment Lifecycle
Difference between Service and Broadcast Receiver
Difference between Thread and AsynTask
Difference between Aysntask and IntentService
What is content providers
Passing data from activity to fragment and vice versa
Passing data from one fragment to another fragment (most imp)
Difference between Retrofit vs mcxiaoke/android-volley
Difference between Picasso vs Universal Image Loader vs Glide vs Fresco
How do you support multiple screen in android
Manifest permissions
Difference between dp and pixels
What is intent filter
How to debug android app

Passing data between Fragments to Activities and vice-versa.
Difference b/w Service and Broadcasts.
Difference b/w Service and Async Task.
Difference b/w Service, Async Task, Threads and Handlers.
Manifest permissions related questions (most simple but tricky ones).
Package related questions.
Content Providers (mostly not in detail). 
Activity and Fragment lifecycles.
Services related questions are quite prime.


Basic java :
Static and non-static variable/methods questions. 
Callbacks and Singleton.
Parcelable and Serializable.

Synchronous and asynchronous operations?

What's .Dex format? How are applications run in sandbox environment?

Explain the life cycle of an application development process you worked on previously.

What the interviewer looks for is communication of requirements, planning, modeling, construction and deployment on the back end.

Here's a hypothetical project. Explain how you would go about it.

They want to know how you would break your work down into tasks and how many weeks for each task. I'm really looking to find out about planning methods, their skill set and how quickly they can execute.

How do you respond to requirement changes in the middle of a cycle?

What type of methodology have you used in the past? What are its drawbacks?

What are different techniques for prototyping an application?

Similar question: Do you feel there is value in wireframing an application? Why?

How do you manage conflicts in Web applications when there are different people managing data?

Tell me something you learned from a team member in the last year.

What software testing procedures have you used to perform a QA?

Once the coding skills verified. Sample I

 The Activity life cycle is must. Ask about the different phases of Activity Life cycle. For example: when and how the activity comes to foreground?

 Check the knowledge on AndroidManifest file, For example: Why do we need this file, What is the role of this file in Android app development.

 Different Kinds of Intents

 Ask about different Kinds of context

 Ask about different Storage Methods in android

 Kinds of Log debugger and Debugger Configuration

 How to debug the application on real device.

 How do you ensure that the app design will be consistent across the different screen resolutions

 Thread concepts also plus points as we deal with the treads more.

 Can you able to build custom views and how?

 How to create flexible layouts, For example to place English, Chinese fonts.

 What is localization and how to achieve?

 What are 9-patch images

 How to avoid ANR status

 How to do Memory management

 Ask about IPC

 What is onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState), Have you used savedInstanceState when and why?

 To check how updated the person is just ask about what are Fragments in an Activity

If this is an Android specific job, just ask the obvious stuff. Sample II

Application lifecycle

When to use a service

How to use a broadcast receiver and register it both in the manifest and in code

Intent filters

Stuff about what manifest attributes and tags mean

The types of flags to run an application
FLAG_ACTIVITY_NEW_TASK
FLAG_ACTIVITY_CLEAR_TOP
etc
How to do data intensive calculations using threads

Passing large objects (that can't be passed via intents and shouldn't be serialized) via a service
Binding to a service and the service lifecycle

How to persist data (both savedInstanceState and more permanent ways)
